OSD Contribution : Add ARIA:Cell Role (#43)
intuit/accessibility-snippets: README.md

- **TimerAria** - Add `role='timer'` to indicate to assistive technologies that an element is a numerical counter listing the amount of elapsed time from a starting point or the remaining time until an end point. Add `aria-label` to provide the name of the timer. Add `aria-live` to explicitly denote a live region (Elements with the role timer have an implicit aria-live value of off). Add `aria-describedby` to indicate the idref of an element that contains additional instructions for navigating or operating this element. Add `aria-roledescription` o give the timer a more descriptive role text for screen readers to speak. Add `aria-atomic` to set whether or not the screen reader should always present the live region as a whole, even if only part of the region changes.

> - **CellAria** -Adds `role='cell'` aria attributes for a cell. A cell is identified as an element in a tabular container that do not contain column or row header information. “cell” are only valid within a construct that simulates a standard data table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CellAria** - Adds `role='cell'` aria attributes for a cell. A cell is identified as an element in a tabular container that does not contain column or row header information. “cells” are only valid within a construct that simulates a standard data table.
```
